this bird is all white except for the wings which are gray. it has orange webbed feet.
the bird has a white head and a red eyering with a yellow curved beak.
these birds have really long wings with bright orange feet.
this is a white bird with grey wings and a yellow beak.
the head and belly of the bird is white and the yellow beak is curved.
the bird has a white breast and belly as well as tiny eyering.
this bird has a white belly, breast, and head, with a beak that is curved down at the end; it has grey wings and tail with red feet.
this bird is nearly all white, with the wings being light gray, and a small yellow bill.
this bird is nearly all white with black tips on its secodaries and orange feet.
solid white bird with deep grey wings and bright orange feet.
this colorful bird has a light blue belly and chest with slightly darker wings. it also has striking yellow eyes.
a bird with stark orange eyes, pointed bill, and pearlescent blue and green body plumage.
the bird has a small eyering that is orange as well as a green belly.
the bird has blue crown, nape and wings, and black beak, tarsus and feet, it has sharp and pointed beak.
a small and long bird with a silver bill, and a blue body.
a shiny blue colored bird with black tail feathers and a black head.
bird with blue, green, and purple feathering and orange eyes
this magnificent creature has bright blue belly and torso with a darker blue crown and nape and lighter blue wings and tail.
the bird is blue and green with an orange eyering and thick black tarsals.
the iridescent bird plays in the dirt.
this is a very patterned bird with a white and black color scheme that blends.
this bird is the definition of camouflage: it's wings, tail, head, breast, etc all mimic mottled brown and grey foliage.
a bird with brown and yellow with a brown eyering with small feet
this bird has a very basic brown grey and white scheme.
this bird is completely covered in speckled feathers to better blend into it's surroundings.
a bird with a very small pointed bill, black eyebrow, small head, and brown, black, and white plumage across its body.
the bird has a brown crown and wings with the same color being consistent throughout its body.
the bird has small beak when compared to its body which is fully covered in brown with white patches all over it.
a small brown bird that is camoflauged to look like a shake.
this small bird has fluffy, striped feathers with a tiny beak.
medium sized bird that has light tan feathers from its neck to its feet and dark brown feathers from its wings to its tail.
a dark colored bird with a long neck and long bill.
a large bird with a short beak and black feathers covering its entire body.
a large bird with a long neck, and a black colored feathers.
the large black bird has a long neck and long bill.
the bird has a long black throat that is curved and a black bill.
the large bird has a brown body and a yellow bill.
medium sized black bird with a long dark green neck with a black head, beak, tail, and feet,
the bird has a narrow, large bill, blue and white cheek patch, and black plumage across its back
a entirely black bird with red rimmed eyes and a long beak.
this white bird has black specks, a black eye, and a black, curve-tipped beak.
this is an all white bird with black feet and an orange beak.
the large bird is all pure white except for the black legs, a blunt, grey and yellow beak, and a black eye.
larger bird with big wings, a skinny black beak and almost all white feathers
the white bird has no different colors including on his crown, his belly, his uppertail coverts and his side.
white bird all over with small black spots from the black beak to the tail as well as black feet.
a white bird with long pointed wings and a medium-sized tail; black eyes; black feet; and a pointed beak that is gray tending toward yellow at the tip.
this bird is white with a few black specks throughout.
the bird is all white with a fanned flat tail, and the wings are "v" shaped and pointed.
this all white bird has a flat, fanned tail and it's beak is slightly curved down at the end.
the bird has ruffled grey body feathers and brown wing feathers.
a medium sized bird with a cream belly and large, thick bill
this bird has a white belly and breast, and the rest is gray.
the bird has sharp pointed beak, with dark gray crown and nape, and white throat, and black tarsus and feet.
the bird has a small eyering that is black and a white breast and throat.
the plump bird is grey and brown and the beak is black.
this bird has a white belly and chest with brown feathers and a large pointy beak.
the head of the bird is grey while the belly of the bird is white.
this slender bird is mostly gray on the back and wings and has a white vent, abdomen, belly and throat and a large, but thin bill.
this bird has a white abdomen, belly, and neck with dark gray wing and crest.
a bird with a white and black striped crown and orange bill.
the small bird has an orange bill with black and white stripes on the crown.
the bird has a small bill that is yellow, a grey breast, and tiny thighs.
small brown bodied bird with dark brown and black stripes on its wings, an orange beak, and a black and white striped head.
a small sized bird that has multiple tones of grey all over
this small perching bird is gray-brown with brown and white wings, a stout orange bill, and a black and white striped crown, superciliary, and eyebrow.
a small bird with a yellow beak and a black striped head, a grey head and body with brown wings and tail.
a bird with a black and white striped head leading to a short orange beak.
this small bird has a black nape, yellow beak, brown back, wings, and tail, and a grey face, breast, and belly.
this bird has a small orange beak and a white eyebrow over its small eyes.
the bird has grayish brown throat, with brown and black wingbars and brown crown.
a light brown bird with dark brown spots and tan coloring on its head and tail.
the small bird is tan with black spots, has black eyes and a black beak.
this bird has a straight beak, gray head, black patch on the chest, speckled belly, and a distinctive orange-red color on the underside of the tail feathers (retrices).
the bird has sharp pointed beak, with grayish yellow crown, white throat, and black and white belly.
a small bird with a long, sharp bill and red cheek patch speckled with black circles on its wing, belly, chest, and tail.
this bird has a white with black speckles on its belly and breast, accented with a bright red strip on its nape.
the small bird has a grey head and speckled body with red neck.
grey and black speckled bird with a large, long and pointed black beak and orange specks on its nape.
the bird has a grey head and long grey bill with speckled body and red malar stripe.
this petite bird is speckled all over from brown speckles on a tan belly to tan speckles on a brown back, and it has a very chubby, round body.
a brownish bird with a long tail and black spots on its belly.
this bird has a thin, pointed tail with brown, white and orange in a distinct speckled pattern and a medium-length, thin beak.
this bird is shades of light and dark brown all over its body.
this bird is completely covered in brown speckles, with white eyebrows and a dark brown crown.
this somewhat ferocious looking bird has fanned-out tail feathers, a sharp beak, and large eyes.
bird feet is resting on a cactus
this small bird has a striped head and a spotted body, featuring the colors brown, white and black.
this bird has a long, thin beak, a red eye, and a yellow breast with several rows of black and white dots.
a bird with a pointed bill, white eyebrow, and speckled brown, white, and black plumage across its body.
small white bird with a striped grey and black head and brown feathers with black feathers on its wings.
the bird has a red eyering and a small bill that is grey.
small white bird with a black and white striped head and a yellow tail.
this bird has a white belly with brown wings and a long beak.
a bird has a tuft of black feathers on its crown, and a white superciliary avoce its black eye.
this colorful bird has a white belly and breast, the bill is short and pointed, and grey tarsus and feet
small branch bird that has a dusty white breast, with light beige and grayish colored wings.
this bird looks like its light brown feathers have been lightly plucked on its nape, red eyes, and a brown back and wing feathers.
a small bird perched on a branch with yellowish greenish feathers, lighter on the belly than the wings.
this bird has a white belly and breast with a grey head.
